news update for mec 2024 (#517)
music-encoding/music-encoding.github.io: _posts/2023-09-25-mec2024.md

---
layout: post
title:  "MEC 2024 Conference"
date:   2023-09-26 10:12:00
categories: update
---

> The webpage for the Music Encoding Conference 2023 is now available at <a href="http://music-encoding.org/conference/2024">www.music-encoding.org/conference/2024</a>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The webpage for the Music Encoding Conference 2024 is now available at <a href="http://music-encoding.org/conference/2024">www.music-encoding.org/conference/2024</a>.
```

> MEC 2024 will take place Monday 20 – Thursday 23 May, 2024, at the University of North Texas in Denton, Texas. The Call for Papers is available at <a href="https://music-encoding.org/conference/2024/call/">https://music-encoding.org/conference/2024/call/</a>.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
MEC 2024 will take place Monday, May 20 – Thursday, May 23, 2024, at the University of North Texas in Denton, Texas. The Call for Papers is available at <a href="https://music-encoding.org/conference/2024/call/">https://music-encoding.org/conference/2024/call/</a>.
```

> Additional details will be posted to the conference webpages.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Additional details will be posted on the conference web pages.
```
